Haller it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 6 how on earth is it vlogmas day 6
[Music]
and you can probably tell I have
currently at home and I am L I was
feeling under the weather
anyway as you might have known but now I
have got a cold on top of that which is
really good and actually to be fair is
not so much cold as a chesty cough but
hopefully it will subside see I actually
wake up very late today late is very
it's a very difficult thing to say
because changes depending on the person
and I would say for anything after 7:00
is late but today I wake up super super
super late because I haven't actually
this it's so slow that I do try to get
enough sleep and I know it's important
eight hours every night and I find it
really difficult to be kind of awake
obviously and be productive and behind
happier when I don't get a tower yeah
recently I've been I've been kind of
getting slightly under on dates in more
like six or seven so I've been really
really tired and basically I went to see
but one last night and I just decided to
sleep until I didn't feel tired and so I
did and that meant that I woke up
naturally at 6:30 but I didn't wake up I
decided to stay in bed and I slept until
10:30 so it's currently done thirty I'm
so many pajamas as you can see say I
love my slender in the pajamas spend
write up pajamas aren't my fee for a
pajama I just love how good old
fashioned they are and they bring this
dressing gown from the white company and
I'm going to be downstairs but breakfast
I'm sorry I feel like this is gonna
sound more like a Sam up because I'm
going to be whispering the whole way
through this be okay it's currently 12
o'clock and we are just about to
decorate the Christmas tree
are we not Martha then upon come in
she'll eat all the top my name ain't no
no
have you had so all the Christmas
decorations are here this is the
fashionable tree and the other ones like
the crane only the other ones gonna be
red and gold isn't it
and this one's silver well last time we
had the fake tree and the low-level
ether we could put a fake tree upstairs
and make that crazy Oh
[Music]
okay so we're struggling to find any of
the decorations but this is what this
room looks like at the moment we'll give
a proper tour when we're finished I
think it's meant to you're here Martha
this
[Music]
perfect
so here is the finished Christmas tree
[Music]
I think we should take this one off
so here's the Christmas tree oh yeah
outside deira Serendib then there's this
beautiful velvet rose and some a tea
light holder a reindeer just casually
trotting enough and I said I go with
Martha
- Tripura and kitchy month was just
sneaked out with my head Frances
hashtag weights
okay so you got 13 minutes to catch a
train and I don't think we're gonna make
it to the station
I'm just waiting by the car for dad cuz
he's driving me and he's going to an
event to in London have a feeling we're
not gonna catch and the next train isn't
for half an hour and I'd ended up being
like an hour late which would be pretty
bad
I'm really sorry today's vlog hasn't
been that interesting at all I don't
think it'll be that long either
I'm really sorry because I just feel
like it was really really boring I will
try and block a lot more this evening
but here's excitingly I'm seeing Jade
even Jack again we've basically spent
the last three days together literally
they are just the most amazing people
and I'm so excited to see them again
tonight but this is the last time I'm
gonna see Jade but yeah today I really
wanted to take time to recharge and
recuperate because I've been feeling a
bit under the weather I had a really
relaxing day didn't do that much work
but still did some study the train is
one minute delayed which is good so my
dad's trying to get a train you got here
it's too late by one minute oh whoa
that's a tall building we are here on
all three and we are just heading over
to the venue now
the issue is the 4g isn't working on
neither my phone or my dog's phone my
dad's wasn't event in London to say he's
just walking out with me to this but 4G
isn't working so we can't actually
Google map it we're going to have to go
back to traditional map reading strategy
but it's stationary so we're not moving
anywhere together - wait why are you
guys going place mine degree weird
because I have another woman
good also we can look cool and con hair
thing right
[Music]
I really am excited that looks very good
keep safe
[Music]
not yet yeah you didn't realize I was
filled okay so um we're all currently
I'm new inside where we are we are yet
so recording here at this really cool
event my train line and we're at a
silent disco but the strange thing is we
also wear honor on we're back at home
pretty much well we're just in the car
park at the train station and we're
going to drive home the event was really
really good fun this is an event run by
train line in celebration of the launch
and release of coach tickets through
train line they released a new track
which was written by naughty boy but I'm
really sad because that was the last
time I'm gonna see Jade until she gets
back from Australia
I'm gonna miss Jade a lot and Jade if
you're watching this I'm gonna miss you
oh this is awkward
I'm literally right in front there's a
restaurant there another window and
people could see me talking to myself
if they lipped out I'm just currently
waiting in the car dad's literally just
there he's getting himself a curry for
dinner